README.md, before:

# 🚀 100 Days of DevOps Challenge - KodeKloud Solutions

![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/DevOps-100%20Days-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)

**🎯 Complete journey through 100 days of hands-on DevOps learning with practical solutions and real-world scenarios**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/stargazers)
[![GitHub Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/network/members)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/issues)

</div>

## 📖 About This Repository

This repository contains my comprehensive solutions and learning journey through the **KodeKloud 100 Days of DevOps Challenge**. Each day focuses on practical, hands-on DevOps skills that are essential in modern software development and infrastructure management.

### 🎯 What You'll Find Here

- ✅ **Step-by-step solutions** with detailed explanations
- 📝 **Practical commands** and configurations
- 🔧 **Real-world scenarios** and troubleshooting guides
- 💡 **Best practices** and industry standards
- 🚀 **Progressive learning** from basics to advanced concepts

## 🗺️ Learning Path

### 🔧 **System Administration & Security**

| Day | Topic                                                                                                      | Key Technologies                                                                           | Difficulty      |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| 1   | [Linux User Setup with Non-Interactive Shell](Day%201/README.md)                                           | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 2   | [Temporary User Setup with Expiry](Day%202/Temporary%20User%20Setup%20with%20Expiry.md)                    | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 3   | [Secure Root SSH Access](Day%203/Secure%20Root%20SSH%20Access.md)                                          | ![SSH](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSH-000000?style=flat&logo=ssh&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 4   | [Script Execution Permissions](Day%204/Script%20Execution%20Permissions.md)                                | ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 5   | [SELinux Installation and Configuration](Day%205/SElinux%20Installation%20and%20Configuration.md)          | ![SELinux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SELinux-000000?style=flat)                        | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 21  | [Set Up Git Repository on Storage Server](Day%2021/Set%20Up%20Git%20Repository%20on%20Storage%20Server.md) | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 22  | [Clone Git Repository on Storage Server](Day%2022/Clone%20Git%20Repository%20on%20Storage%20Server.md)     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 23  | [Fork a Git Repository](Day%2023/Fork%20a%20Git%20Repository.md)                                           | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 24  | [Git Create Branches](Day%2024/Git%20Create%20Branches.md)                                                 | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 25  | [Git Merge Branches](Day%2025/Git%20Merge%20Branches.md)                                                   | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 26  | [Git Manage Remotes](Day%2026/Git%20Manage%20Remotes.md)                                                   | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 27  | [Git Revert Some Changes](Day%2027/Git%20Revert%20Some%20Changes.md)                                       | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 28  | [Git Cherry-Pick a Commit](Day%2028/Git%20Cherry%20Pick.md)                                                | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 29  | [Manage Git Pull Requests](Day%2029/Manage%20Git%20Pull%20Requests.md)                                     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 30  | [Git Hard Reset](Day%2030/Git%20hard%20reset.md)                                                           | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 31  | [Git Stash](Day%2031/Git%20Stash.md)                                                                       | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 32  | [Git Rebase](Day%2032/Git%20Rebase.md)                                                                     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 33  | [Resolve Git Merge Conflicts](Day%2033/Resolve%20Git%20Merge%20Conflicts.md)                               | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 34  | [Git Hook — Auto-tag release on master push (post-update)](Day%2034/Git%20Hook.md)                         | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🔄 **Automation & Orchestration**

| Day | Topic                                                           | Key Technologies                                                                                 | Difficulty      |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| 6   | [Create a Cron Job](Day%206/Create%20a%20Cron%20Job.md)         | ![Cron](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cron-000000?style=flat)                                    | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 7   | [Linux SSH Authentication](Day%207/Linux-SSH-Authentication.md) | ![SSH](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSH-000000?style=flat&logo=ssh&logoColor=white)             | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 8   | [Install Ansible](Day%208/Install%20Ansible.md)                 | ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ansible-EE0000?style=flat&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 10  | [Website Media Backup Script](Day%2010/Linux-Bash-Scripts.md)   | ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🗄️ **Database & Services**

| Day | Topic                                                                                  | Key Technologies                                                                                            | Difficulty      |
| --- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 9   | [MariaDB Troubleshooting](Day%209/MariaDB-Troubleshooting.md)                          | ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MariaDB-003545?style=flat&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)            | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 11  | [Install & Configure Tomcat Server](Day%2011/Install-Configure-Tomcat-Server.md)       | ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tomcat-F8DC75?style=flat&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 17  | [Install and Configure PostgreSQL](Day%2017/Install%20and%20Configure%20PostgreSQL.MD) | ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)   | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🌐 **Networking & Web Services**

| Day | Topic                                                                                                          | Key Technologies                                                                                                                                                                   | Difficulty      |
| --- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 12  | [Linux Network Services](Day%2012/Linux-Network-Services.md)                                                   | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)                                                                                         | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 13  | [IPtables Installation and Configuration](Day%2013/IPtables%20Installation%20And%20Configuration.md)           | ![IPTables](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IPTables-000000?style=flat)                                                                                                              | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 14  | [Linux Process Troubleshooting](Day%2014/Linux%20Process%20Troubleshooting.md)                                 | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)                                                                                         | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 15  | [Setup SSL for Nginx](Day%2015/Setup%20SSL%20for%20Nginx.md)                                                   | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![SSL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSL-000000?style=flat)                             | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 16  | [Install & Configure Nginx as Load Balancer](Day%2016/Install%20and%20Configure%20Nginx%20as%20an%20LBR.md)    | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)                                                                                         | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 18  | [Configure LAMP server](Day%2018/Configure%20LAMP%20server.MD)                                                 | ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache-DA291C?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-777BB4?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 19  | [Install and Configure Web Application](Day%2019/Install%20and%20Configure%20Web%20Application.md)             | ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache-DA291C?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white)                                                                                      | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 20  | [Configure Nginx + PHP-FPM Using Unix Sock](Day%2020/Configure%20Nginx%20+%20PHP-FPM%20Using%20Unix%20Sock.md) | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-777BB4?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white)    | 🟡 Intermediate |

## 🐳 Containers & Containerization

| Day | Topic / Guide                                                                                                      | Tech / Badge                                                                                  | Level           |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 35  | [Install Docker Packages and Start Docker Service](Day%2035/Install%20Docker.md)                                   | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 36  | [Deploy Nginx Container on Application Server](Day%2036/Deploy%20Nginx%20Container%20on%20Application%20Server.md) | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 37  | [Copy File to Docker Container](Day%2037/Copy%20File%20to%20Docker%20Container.md)                                 | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 38  | [Pull Docker Image](Day%2038/Pull%20Docker%20Image.md)                                                             | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 39  | [Create a Docker Image From Container](Day%2039/Create%20a%20Docker%20Image%20From%20Container.md)                 | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 40  | [Docker EXEC Operations](Day%2040/Docker%20EXEC%20Operations.md)                                                   | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 41  | [Write a Docker File](Day%2041/Write%20a%20Docker%20File.md)                                                       | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 42  | [Create a Docker Network](Day%2042/Create%20a%20Docker%20Network.md)                                               | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 43  | [Docker Ports Mapping](Day%2043/Docker%20Ports%20Mapping.md)                                                       | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 44  | [Write a Docker Compose File](Day%2044/Write%20a%20Docker%20Compose%20File.md)                                     | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 45  | [Resolve Dockerfile Issues](Day%2045/Resolve%20Dockerfile%20Issues.md)                                             | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps.git
   cd 100-Days-Of-DevOps
   ```

2. **Navigate to any day's solution**

   ```bash
   cd "Day 1"
   ```

3. **Follow the step-by-step instructions** in each day's markdown file

## 🎯 Skills You'll Master

<div align="center">

|  **Infrastructure**   | **Automation** | **Security**  |   **Monitoring**   |
| :-------------------: | :------------: | :-----------: | :----------------: |
| Linux Administration  |    Ansible     | SSH Hardening | Process Management |
| Network Configuration | Bash Scripting |    SELinux    |    Log Analysis    |
|  Service Management   |   Cron Jobs    |   IPTables    |  Troubleshooting   |
|    Load Balancing     |     CI/CD      |    SSL/TLS    | Performance Tuning |

</div>

## 🤝 Contributing

Found an issue or have a better solution? Contributions are welcome!

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some improvement'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📞 Connect & Support

<div align="center">

**If this repository helped you in your DevOps journey, please consider:**

⭐ **Starring this repository**
🍴 **Forking for your own learning**
📢 **Sharing with fellow DevOps enthusiasts**

[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/karadHub?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
<sub>🚀 <strong>Happy Learning!</strong> | Built with ❤️ for the DevOps Community</sub>
</div>

Commit message:

Add Day 46: Deploy an App on Docker Containers with docker-compose.yml and update README

README.md, after:

# 🚀 100 Days of DevOps Challenge - KodeKloud Solutions

![DevOps](https://img.shields.io/badge/DevOps-100%20Days-blue?style=for-the-badge&logo=devdotto&logoColor=white)
![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/Linux-FCC624?style=for-the-badge&logo=linux&logoColor=black)
![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/Docker-2496ED?style=for-the-badge&logo=docker&logoColor=white)
![Kubernetes](https://img.shields.io/badge/Kubernetes-326CE5?style=for-the-badge&logo=kubernetes&logoColor=white)
![AWS](https://img.shields.io/badge/AWS-FF9900?style=for-the-badge&logo=amazonaws&logoColor=white)

**🎯 Complete journey through 100 days of hands-on DevOps learning with practical solutions and real-world scenarios**

[![GitHub Stars](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/stargazers)
[![GitHub Forks](https://img.shields.io/github/forks/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/network/members)
[![GitHub Issues](https://img.shields.io/github/issues/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps)](https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps/issues)

</div>

## 📖 About This Repository

This repository contains my comprehensive solutions and learning journey through the **KodeKloud 100 Days of DevOps Challenge**. Each day focuses on practical, hands-on DevOps skills that are essential in modern software development and infrastructure management.

### 🎯 What You'll Find Here

- ✅ **Step-by-step solutions** with detailed explanations
- 📝 **Practical commands** and configurations
- 🔧 **Real-world scenarios** and troubleshooting guides
- 💡 **Best practices** and industry standards
- 🚀 **Progressive learning** from basics to advanced concepts

## 🗺️ Learning Path

### 🔧 **System Administration & Security**

| Day | Topic                                                                                                      | Key Technologies                                                                           | Difficulty      |
| --- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| 1   | [Linux User Setup with Non-Interactive Shell](Day%201/README.md)                                           | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 2   | [Temporary User Setup with Expiry](Day%202/Temporary%20User%20Setup%20with%20Expiry.md)                    | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 3   | [Secure Root SSH Access](Day%203/Secure%20Root%20SSH%20Access.md)                                          | ![SSH](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSH-000000?style=flat&logo=ssh&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 4   | [Script Execution Permissions](Day%204/Script%20Execution%20Permissions.md)                                | ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 5   | [SELinux Installation and Configuration](Day%205/SElinux%20Installation%20and%20Configuration.md)          | ![SELinux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SELinux-000000?style=flat)                        | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 21  | [Set Up Git Repository on Storage Server](Day%2021/Set%20Up%20Git%20Repository%20on%20Storage%20Server.md) | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 22  | [Clone Git Repository on Storage Server](Day%2022/Clone%20Git%20Repository%20on%20Storage%20Server.md)     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 23  | [Fork a Git Repository](Day%2023/Fork%20a%20Git%20Repository.md)                                           | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 24  | [Git Create Branches](Day%2024/Git%20Create%20Branches.md)                                                 | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 25  | [Git Merge Branches](Day%2025/Git%20Merge%20Branches.md)                                                   | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 26  | [Git Manage Remotes](Day%2026/Git%20Manage%20Remotes.md)                                                   | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 27  | [Git Revert Some Changes](Day%2027/Git%20Revert%20Some%20Changes.md)                                       | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 28  | [Git Cherry-Pick a Commit](Day%2028/Git%20Cherry%20Pick.md)                                                | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 29  | [Manage Git Pull Requests](Day%2029/Manage%20Git%20Pull%20Requests.md)                                     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 30  | [Git Hard Reset](Day%2030/Git%20hard%20reset.md)                                                           | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 31  | [Git Stash](Day%2031/Git%20Stash.md)                                                                       | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 32  | [Git Rebase](Day%2032/Git%20Rebase.md)                                                                     | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 33  | [Resolve Git Merge Conflicts](Day%2033/Resolve%20Git%20Merge%20Conflicts.md)                               | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 34  | [Git Hook — Auto-tag release on master push (post-update)](Day%2034/Git%20Hook.md)                         | ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🔄 **Automation & Orchestration**

| Day | Topic                                                           | Key Technologies                                                                                 | Difficulty      |
| --- | --------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------- |
| 6   | [Create a Cron Job](Day%206/Create%20a%20Cron%20Job.md)         | ![Cron](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Cron-000000?style=flat)                                    | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 7   | [Linux SSH Authentication](Day%207/Linux-SSH-Authentication.md) | ![SSH](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSH-000000?style=flat&logo=ssh&logoColor=white)             | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 8   | [Install Ansible](Day%208/Install%20Ansible.md)                 | ![Ansible](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Ansible-EE0000?style=flat&logo=ansible&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 10  | [Website Media Backup Script](Day%2010/Linux-Bash-Scripts.md)   | ![Bash](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Bash-4EAA25?style=flat&logo=gnubash&logoColor=white)       | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🗄️ **Database & Services**

| Day | Topic                                                                                  | Key Technologies                                                                                            | Difficulty      |
| --- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 9   | [MariaDB Troubleshooting](Day%209/MariaDB-Troubleshooting.md)                          | ![MariaDB](https://img.shields.io/badge/-MariaDB-003545?style=flat&logo=mariadb&logoColor=white)            | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 11  | [Install & Configure Tomcat Server](Day%2011/Install-Configure-Tomcat-Server.md)       | ![Apache Tomcat](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Tomcat-F8DC75?style=flat&logo=apache-tomcat&logoColor=black) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 17  | [Install and Configure PostgreSQL](Day%2017/Install%20and%20Configure%20PostgreSQL.MD) | ![PostgreSQL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PostgreSQL-336791?style=flat&logo=postgresql&logoColor=white)   | 🟡 Intermediate |

### 🌐 **Networking & Web Services**

| Day | Topic                                                                                                          | Key Technologies                                                                                                                                                                   | Difficulty      |
| --- | -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 12  | [Linux Network Services](Day%2012/Linux-Network-Services.md)                                                   | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)                                                                                         | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 13  | [IPtables Installation and Configuration](Day%2013/IPtables%20Installation%20And%20Configuration.md)           | ![IPTables](https://img.shields.io/badge/-IPTables-000000?style=flat)                                                                                                              | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 14  | [Linux Process Troubleshooting](Day%2014/Linux%20Process%20Troubleshooting.md)                                 | ![Linux](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Linux-FCC624?style=flat&logo=linux&logoColor=black)                                                                                         | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 15  | [Setup SSL for Nginx](Day%2015/Setup%20SSL%20for%20Nginx.md)                                                   | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![SSL](https://img.shields.io/badge/-SSL-000000?style=flat)                             | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 16  | [Install & Configure Nginx as Load Balancer](Day%2016/Install%20and%20Configure%20Nginx%20as%20an%20LBR.md)    | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white)                                                                                         | 🔴 Advanced     |
| 18  | [Configure LAMP server](Day%2018/Configure%20LAMP%20server.MD)                                                 | ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache-DA291C?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-777BB4?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 19  | [Install and Configure Web Application](Day%2019/Install%20and%20Configure%20Web%20Application.md)             | ![Apache](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Apache-DA291C?style=flat&logo=apache&logoColor=white)                                                                                      | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 20  | [Configure Nginx + PHP-FPM Using Unix Sock](Day%2020/Configure%20Nginx%20+%20PHP-FPM%20Using%20Unix%20Sock.md) | ![Nginx](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Nginx-009639?style=flat&logo=nginx&logoColor=white) ![PHP](https://img.shields.io/badge/-PHP-777BB4?style=flat&logo=php&logoColor=white)    | 🟡 Intermediate |

## 🐳 Containers & Containerization

| Day | Topic / Guide                                                                                                      | Tech / Badge                                                                                  | Level           |
| --- | ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ | --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------- |
| 35  | [Install Docker Packages and Start Docker Service](Day%2035/Install%20Docker.md)                                   | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 36  | [Deploy Nginx Container on Application Server](Day%2036/Deploy%20Nginx%20Container%20on%20Application%20Server.md) | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 37  | [Copy File to Docker Container](Day%2037/Copy%20File%20to%20Docker%20Container.md)                                 | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 38  | [Pull Docker Image](Day%2038/Pull%20Docker%20Image.md)                                                             | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 39  | [Create a Docker Image From Container](Day%2039/Create%20a%20Docker%20Image%20From%20Container.md)                 | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 40  | [Docker EXEC Operations](Day%2040/Docker%20EXEC%20Operations.md)                                                   | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 41  | [Write a Docker File](Day%2041/Write%20a%20Docker%20File.md)                                                       | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 42  | [Create a Docker Network](Day%2042/Create%20a%20Docker%20Network.md)                                               | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 43  | [Docker Ports Mapping](Day%2043/Docker%20Ports%20Mapping.md)                                                       | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟢 Beginner     |
| 44  | [Write a Docker Compose File](Day%2044/Write%20a%20Docker%20Compose%20File.md)                                     | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 45  | [Resolve Dockerfile Issues](Day%2045/Resolve%20Dockerfile%20Issues.md)                                             | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |
| 46  | [Deploy an App on Docker Containers](Day%2046/Deploy%20an%20App%20on%20Docker%20Containers.md)                     | ![Docker](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Docker-2496ED?style=flat&logo=docker&logoColor=white) | 🟡 Intermediate |

## 🚀 Quick Start

1. **Clone the repository**

   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/karadHub/100-Days-Of-DevOps.git
   cd 100-Days-Of-DevOps
   ```

2. **Navigate to any day's solution**

   ```bash
   cd "Day 1"
   ```

3. **Follow the step-by-step instructions** in each day's markdown file

## 🎯 Skills You'll Master

<div align="center">

|  **Infrastructure**   | **Automation** | **Security**  |   **Monitoring**   |
| :-------------------: | :------------: | :-----------: | :----------------: |
| Linux Administration  |    Ansible     | SSH Hardening | Process Management |
| Network Configuration | Bash Scripting |    SELinux    |    Log Analysis    |
|  Service Management   |   Cron Jobs    |   IPTables    |  Troubleshooting   |
|    Load Balancing     |     CI/CD      |    SSL/TLS    | Performance Tuning |

</div>

## 🤝 Contributing

Found an issue or have a better solution? Contributions are welcome!

1. Fork the repository
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b feature/improvement`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some improvement'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin feature/improvement`)
5. Open a Pull Request

## 📞 Connect & Support

<div align="center">

**If this repository helped you in your DevOps journey, please consider:**

⭐ **Starring this repository**
🍴 **Forking for your own learning**
📢 **Sharing with fellow DevOps enthusiasts**

[![GitHub followers](https://img.shields.io/github/followers/karadHub?style=social)](https://github.com/karadHub)

</div>

---

<div align="center">
<sub>🚀 <strong>Happy Learning!</strong> | Built with ❤️ for the DevOps Community</sub>
</div>
